Updating Docs for 1-click plugins (#128)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/extension/provider.md

#### Screenshot
![Screenshot 2024-07-04 at 2 22 00 PM](./images/connect.png)

### `client.runPlugin(url, params)`

> This method is used to request the execution of a plugin by its URL. If the plugin is not already installed, the extension will attempt to install it from the provided URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is used to request the execution of a plugin by its URL. The plugin will be loaded automatically, and if the user approves, the extension will guide the user through the plugin's steps.
```
